Infantry equipment
All threaded muzzle must have a screw to protect the threads when nothing is attached. 
Assault Rifle with thread at the end of the barrel to fix attachments : 
-	Silencer
-	Muzzle break
-	Muzzle for rifle grenades
flare gun, binoculars, 
detachable medium range scope (300-500m)
Silencer is useful when ambushed as the enemy does not know from where the shots are coming. It can easily be removed even during a fight.
Training: use binoculars perfectly and estimate the range of a target correctly, estimate the wind direction and speed. 
Radio 
-	with case and straps to fix it on the body. 
-	Or a bag of the chest rig to hold it. 
-	The bag/case must protect it from rain and mud as much as possible
Active ear protection connected to the radio through the push-to-talk knob
Body armor or chest rig with/without armor: 6 magazines, bag for grenades, 
Big bag attached to the rig/armor to store used magazines without having to drop them (left for right-handed and vice versa). (Make sure the magazines are not lost when crawling). 
Back side: bag for med kit. Always use the med kit of the injured, not yours. Yours is for you when you are rescued. 
Med kit: PPI (2), tourniquet, gloves, painkiller, saline bag, IV pack, 
Side bag to carry other tools: flare gun with ammo, binoculars, food, barbed wire cutter, 
Side Bag for canteen: 
Bag for ammo: 10 rounds attached to a plastic stick (like in the Swiss army). Pack of 50rounds. Rifle grenade
Have multiple scratches on body indicating the blood type, on torse, helmet, arms and legs, . With name. 
Backpack: extra ammo, gun cleaning kit, silencer cleaning kit, MRE, food, extra water, thermal vest, set of clothes, raincoat, urban combat scope (2x), combat gloves, combat glasses, sunglasses, tanned colors for faces, shemagh and masks for warm and cold environment, against sand storms, snow storms, ….

Other useful tools taken with the unit in missions : hammer to destroy walls, spare weapons and parts to repair them, tools kits, “brancard” to move the wounded to the rear, 
The units has a reserve of blood bags in case the soldiers need them. Make sure we have the correct types for all soldiers. 

at the end of the magazines, a small plastic part is added, that can help take them out of the pouch. 
the same part is used to hang them on carabiner/houk. this one must be firmly fixed, so that the magasines plastic part can easily push the clip, 
